README.md, before:

# Algorithms-java
# FindSubArraysEqualSum.java
Given an array A of integers, return true if and only if we can partition the array into three non-empty parts with equal sums.

Formally, we can partition the array if we can find indexes i+1 < j with (A[0] + A[1] + ... + A[i] == A[i+1] + A[i+2] + ... + A[j-1] == A[j] + A[j-1] + ... + A[A.length - 1])

---

# FindDuplicatesInArray.java
Given an array of integers, 1 ≤ a[i] ≤ n (n = size of array), some elements appear twice and others appear once.

Find all the elements that appear twice in this array.

Could you do it without extra space and in O(n) runtime?

    Example:
    Input:
    [4,3,2,7,8,2,3,1]

    Output:
    [2,3]

# UniqueEmails.java
Every email consists of a local name and a domain name, separated by the @ sign.

For example, in alice@leetcode.com, alice is the local name, and leetcode.com is the domain name.

Besides lowercase letters, these emails may contain '.'s or '+'s.

If you add periods ('.') between some characters in the local name part of an email address, mail sent there will be forwarded to the same address without dots in the local name.  For example, "alice.z@leetcode.com" and "alicez@leetcode.com" forward to the same email address.  (Note that this rule does not apply for domain names.)

If you add a plus ('+') in the local name, everything after the first plus sign will be ignored. This allows certain emails to be filtered, for example m.y+name@email.com will be forwarded to my@email.com.  (Again, this rule does not apply for domain names.)

It is possible to use both of these rules at the same time.

Given a list of emails, we send one email to each address in the list.  How many different addresses actually receive mails? 

 

Example 1:

    Input: ["test.email+alex@leetcode.com","test.e.mail+bob.cathy@leetcode.com","testemail+david@lee.tcode.com"]
    Output: 2
    Explanation: "testemail@leetcode.com" and "testemail@lee.tcode.com" actually receive mails
 

Note:

    1 <= emails[i].length <= 100
    1 <= emails.length <= 100
    Each emails[i] contains exactly one '@' character.

---

# Serialize and Deserialize binary tree

This problem was asked by Google.

Given the root to a binary tree, implement serialize(root), which serializes the tree into a string, and deserialize(s), which deserializes the string back into the tree.

For example, given the following Node class

class Node:
    def __init__(self, val, left=None, right=None):
        self.val = val
        self.left = left
        self.right = right
The following test should pass:

node = Node('root', Node('left', Node('left.left')), Node('right'))
assert deserialize(serialize(node)).left.left.val == 'left.left'

see the code in package com.d3achannel.algo.serielizetree

Commit message:

find the first missing positive integer in linear time solution added

README.md, after:

# Algorithms-java
# FindSubArraysEqualSum.java
Given an array A of integers, return true if and only if we can partition the array into three non-empty parts with equal sums.

Formally, we can partition the array if we can find indexes i+1 < j with (A[0] + A[1] + ... + A[i] == A[i+1] + A[i+2] + ... + A[j-1] == A[j] + A[j-1] + ... + A[A.length - 1])

---

# FindDuplicatesInArray.java
Given an array of integers, 1 ≤ a[i] ≤ n (n = size of array), some elements appear twice and others appear once.

Find all the elements that appear twice in this array.

Could you do it without extra space and in O(n) runtime?

    Example:
    Input:
    [4,3,2,7,8,2,3,1]

    Output:
    [2,3]

# UniqueEmails.java
Every email consists of a local name and a domain name, separated by the @ sign.

For example, in alice@leetcode.com, alice is the local name, and leetcode.com is the domain name.

Besides lowercase letters, these emails may contain '.'s or '+'s.

If you add periods ('.') between some characters in the local name part of an email address, mail sent there will be forwarded to the same address without dots in the local name.  For example, "alice.z@leetcode.com" and "alicez@leetcode.com" forward to the same email address.  (Note that this rule does not apply for domain names.)

If you add a plus ('+') in the local name, everything after the first plus sign will be ignored. This allows certain emails to be filtered, for example m.y+name@email.com will be forwarded to my@email.com.  (Again, this rule does not apply for domain names.)

It is possible to use both of these rules at the same time.

Given a list of emails, we send one email to each address in the list.  How many different addresses actually receive mails? 

 

Example 1:

    Input: ["test.email+alex@leetcode.com","test.e.mail+bob.cathy@leetcode.com","testemail+david@lee.tcode.com"]
    Output: 2
    Explanation: "testemail@leetcode.com" and "testemail@lee.tcode.com" actually receive mails
 

Note:

    1 <= emails[i].length <= 100
    1 <= emails.length <= 100
    Each emails[i] contains exactly one '@' character.

---

# Serialize and Deserialize binary tree

This problem was asked by Google.

Given the root to a binary tree, implement serialize(root), which serializes the tree into a string, and deserialize(s), which deserializes the string back into the tree.

For example, given the following Node class

class Node:
    def __init__(self, val, left=None, right=None):
        self.val = val
        self.left = left
        self.right = right
The following test should pass:

    node = Node('root', Node('left', Node('left.left')), Node('right'))
    assert deserialize(serialize(node)).left.left.val == 'left.left'

see the code in package 

    com.d3achannel.algo.serielizetree

#find the first missing positive integer in linear time
This problem was asked by Stripe.

Given an array of integers, find the first missing positive integer in linear time and constant space. In other words, find the lowest positive integer that does not exist in the array. The array can contain duplicates and negative numbers as well.

For example, the input [3, 4, -1, 1] should give 2. The input [1, 2, 0] should give 3.

You can modify the input array in-place.
